[Music]
Thomas
you're my guys stop
everybody
this man
ha ha ha
you will Josh over it's over stop
dancing gal oh I tell you you two are so
good together you really are great what
do you think love the way you attack
that dial immaculate fantastic your
timing is so good
yeah it just didn't go out oh bring it
right on to the booty so everything is
right there every beat Arlene I'm afraid
I'm gonna be a little bit critical of
you Alicia because you can be fabulous
you need to use your feet more to get a
perfect hip action through the ball of
the feet through the heel
I'm sorry olive she's got more lips
thank you I'll put together
[Applause]
say what you want food I die I think you
could be better I was not as impressed
as I thought I would be I thought I was
going to be blown away
I wasn't it okay alright okay fine okay
alright then we'll get a blown machine
right yeah you know you've been you've
consistently been the one to beat you
know you're the hunted not the hunter
and it is a lot of pressure to come out
each week and turning great performances
another great performer
[Applause]
great answer and you have latin-american
going through your blood your treat and
hot behave yourself
we all loved it it was wonderful the
energy and the flow of down kids great
off you go off you go was that salsa to
the judges face Kraig rebel horde 9 in
flips Len Goodman 9 Bruno Tonio
[Applause]